Application description
In the context of the project a task management system (Task
Management System). The application will allow the user to create,
editing, and monitoring of available tasks. In addition, the user will be able to
manage multiple tasks, set priorities and deadlines, and
receive reminders for upcoming tasks.

A.1. Design and implementation of logic (40%)
The following describes the capabilities that the application should provide to the
user regarding the creation and management of tasks and reminders.
Adding, modifying, and deleting tasks
The user will be able to create new tasks.
The relevant information for a task should include: 
title, description, category, priority, completion deadline, and status. 
For simplicity, the deadline completion deadline for a task will not include a time, but will be set at the
day (e.g. 14/12/24)
The status of a task will always be one of the following: "Open", "In
Progress", "Postponed", "Completed", and "Delayed". 
For each new task, the default status will be "Open".
When the application is initialized, it will display tasks that are 
not "Completed" and have passed the completion deadline and 
automatically change the status to "Delayed". 
The user will be able to modify all elements of a task as well as proceed to delete tasks. In the case of deletions, the user must make sure that the possible reminders that have set for the task to be deleted.

Add, modify, and delete a category
The user will be able to define new categories by giving them a name. In addition, it will be possible to
can modify the name of a category. For simplicity we consider
that there are no subcategories.
Also, he will be able to delete a category along with automatically deleting all
of the tasks belonging to it. In this case the
appropriate updating of reminders for the deleted tasks.

The application should include a predefined level of priority
named "Default". The user will be able to define new priority levels,
by giving the relevant name. In addition, it will be possible to modify the name of a level
priority level name as well as delete priority levels.
The change of name and deletion functions will apply to all levels
priority all priority levels except the default one. Also, when deleting a
priority level then all tasks belonging to the relevant priority level are automatically deleted.
level shall be automatically assigned the default priority level.

Additional functions
Setting and managing reminders.
The user can create reminders for tasks. A reminder will always be associated with a task, and multiple reminders can be set for a task. If a task has a status of "Completed" there will be no possibility to set reminders, and when the user changes the status of a task to "Completed" then the application will automatically delete any reminders related to that task. The application should support the following types of reminders: (i) one day before the deadline, (ii) one week before the deadline, (iii) one month before the deadline, (iv) a specific date defined by the user. Appropriate checks should be implemented to ensure that the selected reminder type is meaningful based on the deadline for completion of the task and that in case of an issue the user is informed with the corresponding message. Finally, the user will be able to modify and delete reminders.
Task Search. The user will be able to search for tasks based on any combinations of the following criteria: title, category, and priority.
